Fix tests documentation (#168)
glpi-project/docdev: source/sourcecode.rst

Launch tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^

All required :ref:`third party libraries are installed at once <_3rd_party_libs>`, including testing framework.

There are several directories for tests:

* ``phpunit/functionnal`` for main core unit/functional tests;
* ``phpunit/LDAP`` - requires a LDAP server;
* ``phpunit/web`` - requires a web server;
* ``phpunit/imap`` - requires mail server;

You can choose to run tests on a whole directory, or on any file (+ on a specific method). Refer to PHPUnit documentation for more information.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ ./vendor/bin/phpunit phpunit/functional/
   [...]
   $ ./vendor/bin/phpunit phpunit/functional/ComputerTest.php
   [...]
   $ $ ./vendor/bin/phpunit phpunit/functional/ComputerTest.php --filter testSomething

> If you want to run the web tests suite, you need to run a web server, and give tests its URL when running. Hre is an exampl eusing PHP native webserver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the web tests suite, you need to run a web server, and give tests its URL when running. Here is an example using PHP native webserver:
```
